All right this is what we're going to be building in the scores.
This picture this whole diagram might seem a little too much but just don't worry about it.
I'll be explaining everything to you.
So let's get started from the other part of the diagram.
You first start by creating our own custom BPC our virtual private cloud and worriment and we're going
to be using 10.0 data that those last 16 as the cyder block of this diagram of this PC actually and
after we've finished with our BPC creation we're going to be launching two subnets one of them is going
to be a public subnet and we're going to be using 10.0 1.0 slice 24 with the public subnet and 40 probably
would sub net.
We're going to be using 10.00 slash 2.0 slash 24 these IP blocks are going to allow us to provide all
our 200 IPs for our machines and for the network elements that we're going to launch in this subnets.
So I'm hoping that you're familiar with cyder blocks and this is going to be a very useful exercise
on them how to implement from the code
after we finish with our subnets and we PCI-E we're going to be adding a root table to our public subnet
that table is going to be special because with that route table we're going to be able to access internet
through the internet gateway that we're going to also create with the help of the internet gateway with
the usage of route table will connect that to our public subnet and eventually we'll be able to access
internet within the machines that we're going to launch in the public subnet.
This is very important and I'll show you every detail about it.
Just don't worry about it right now.
And let me finish with our BPC public solving that root table and internet gateway will eventually start
launching easy two instances within those subnets.
And we first start by launching a public East to instance within the of course public subnet and with
the help of our internet gateway and our custom route table we will be able to access internet from
that easy to instance and we're also going to use a startup script for our easy to instance add and
we're going to show a web page where Millau are easy to instance and let me try to access it from the
Internet.
We'll be able to see our Web page that we provided with from the startup script of the easy to instance.
And after experimenting with our public easy to instance we're going to be launching a private issue
to instance and we're going to verify that it is not accessible from the Internet.
And to connect to our private easy to instance we're going to be making use of our subnet blocks and
with the help of our default route table since all these subnets are within the same BPC we will be
able to access our private institutes instance from our public easy to instance exclusively no one outside
our PC will be able to access our private is to instance.
So this is going to be a very useful exercise to either isolate or allow connections to network elements
within PCs and subnets.
And eventually when the finish are BPC and easy to sections we will be having this diagram programmatically
created on a W-S and in every step after couple of implementations about both three and Python we're
going to be launching our AWOS console logging into it and verifying everything that we did from the
code.
So you'll be seeing everything in action from the code perspective to AWOS console perspective.
So this is going to be very hands on in a very interactive course.
So I'm happy that you chose to take this course and you're going to be learning a lot about AWOS and
how to manage your resources within which all private cloud environments or PCs and how to launch instances
both privately and publicly.